Everyone likes to win, but can you win if you're always honest?
Nobody likes a cheater.
But sometimes it can seem like Dishonesty works.
So why should you be the only one not to do it?
Especially if no one gets hurt.
The problem is
Dishonesty costs more than it pays.
And once you start going down the path of Dishonesty,
it's really hard to stop.
If a lie seems to succeed,
your next one is often right around the corner.
You might think it's not that bad to tell just part of the truth.
But it's a lie if it misleads those who deserve to know the full story.
And what's wrong with exaggerating a little?
To make friends.
Appearing to be someone you're not is just another kind of lie.
As you keep going,
it all seems okay.
Until you find there's a totally different version of you.
And he's taking over.
Lies never let you rest.
Keeping track of them is harder than just remembering the truth.
Sooner or later,
you'll face the real cost of Dishonesty.
The Bible says in Proverbs 21-6
that any benefit we get from lying
is like a vanishing mist.
You can't even imagine
a vanishing mist.
You could lose your family's trust and respect.
You could lose your friends.
And a lifetime of Dishonesty
can have bigger consequences.
On top of all that,
Dishonesty has a hidden cost.
It changes how you feel about yourself.
But you can choose to be honest.
And see for yourself how it pays.
When you're tempted to take the easy Dishonest way out,
say no.
The results of your hard work
will be truly yours.
Earn your family's trust and respect with the whole truth.
There may be consequences,
but you can learn from your mistakes.
And make friends with those who like you for who you really are.
Being honest pays in ways Dishonesty never will.
In your family,
with your friends,
and with yourself.